Disruptive school students have a negative influence on others. 
Students who are noisy and disobedient should be grouped together and taught separately. 
Do you agree or disagree?

Main point: disagree

1) Dividing doesn't help to these children
    1.1) It can be ephasize that they aren't normal or typical and hurt to them
    1.2) It will influence on their adaptation in society

2) Need find ways for envolve them to education process
    2.1) Disobeying is a reason of not understanding and kid can't to admit it
    2.2) Every kid can be envolve to education process from something which interesting to him.

Some people believe that disobeying is only a student's problem, while to my view it is usually a problem of 
an education process and part of growing. In our society, we have a tendency to judge all students or people who 
don't look or behave like "normal". That's why we are talking about some restriction and punishment for them.
I absolutely disagree with this way of thinking.

First of all, we will hurt them and their attitude to people around them if we withdraw them from typical society.
We will make the situation worse. We highlight their weaknesses instead of abilities. In my experience, a majority
of them are really kind people, which just need time and attention. They just don't know how can express
themselves in other ways.

The other important thing is the education process. Generally, the schools have taught for an average level. If we talk about Ukraine,
our schools have the same program for each student. If you can't fit in, you will get bad marks and attitude. It impacts  
a child's perception to studying. In some cases, it can develop the fear of asking something if you don't get subject
the first time.

Although we can't ignore corner cases when the student can be dangerous for others and these time we have to act. Which ways is
a complicated question, but for these critical situations, we have special rules, like medical treatment or custody. 
I mean a serious problem with mental health or law. While for others,
I truly believe that splitting isn't a decision and we can find better ways to figure it out.


