Agree or disagree

partial agree

first:
yeah, point correct that children are younger

main for agree
1) modern word give a lot of opurtunity before than children grow up finally
2) a lot of country accept and give id card children from 14 and 16

main for disagree
1) that's still childreen (depend of a lot of point from other side)
2) some point of life should been care of parrents


Today children growing proccess had changed to compare with previous years.
Our kids have born at an information overloading world which's influenced on their skills, characters and views on a life.
A lot of activities which wasn't accessed before, now is a routine for us. The changing rules and give a chance for the young people 
be a part of sociaty is heavy question for all members which relates to this: goverments, parents and teenagers.
I partly agree with a point that we need to adapt to a new chalanges and continue to do the best for the next generation, but 
we must save the protection to them. In this paper I'm sharing the two oposite points.

As I mentioned, the procces of growing is complicated for the parents and chilrend. As we knew, that for a major family in our world
it isn't predictiable and no one father or mother can't easely accept that their child has been become as an independent person.
Therefore they are scared about how their kinds would live in a real world, so they protect via restriction them to much.
And it is harmfull for their own kid, frezee their self-devolpment and a natural growing way. Parents put them to a warm bath and
after that the young people can't be responsibility and ability to make their own decisions. That's why we need to thinks how 
to think how we can help to modern kids.Above all, the several country has changed their attitude yet. They had been shifted an age of getting pasport 
bellow for young people. This example emphasizes that goverments seriously understand that teenagers have had the ability 
to make their own way. So, if we give them the main oficial docs, why we can give them other benefits as adult people in some parts of life?

However, sociaty should pretend all cases and all ways for implementation these rules. The choose which spheres are dangerous for growing
should be a main theme. That's why we need to build the dialog between parents, goverments, psyhological scientists. 
The mordern world give a widest opportunity, but the same way, sometime it is a heartless, unjustice.For people beetween 12-18 it can be
more presure and stress. Finnaly, in spite of the all abilities to change the wolrd at so young ages, they have still been the children. They are 
influced by other people. Our environment build us and parent shouldn't forget about their responsibility to their kids.
They need our maitaining, advices, and of cours love. 

In conclusion, I would say that the low have to change, because it's necessity of the evolution. But we need to save the base of family,
the fundamentals relationships between older people and young. Our mission, as for me, to give them all the best as possible.



