Ideas:

Begining:
--- Ref problem
--- Completely agree

1) People must attitude careful to the nature
    - It's our feature
    - Some of them believ that they can't change anything

2) Gornement should support ideads for protection natural
    - Implement new rules for recycling
    - Attract people intention to this problem, praiy them for careful attitude

Finish: 
I completely agree that everyone person


We are living in a consumption era and some people believed that our attitude to ecology is 
careless. One of the biggest problems for their mind is a lack of responsibility for recycling.
The population is growing and we leave vast of garbage around us.
I strongly believe that humanity should more care about our nature.

Nowadays, we spend a lot of time buying things. However, I think majority of us don't 
care what will happen with stuff when we through it out. As a result, we have a heavy problem
with tons of garbage in our landfills. We don't think about the future and which world we will leave for our children.
Our recycling abilities are less than count of consumption. That's why we should take this problem into our hands. 
If we properly consider our attitude to our environment, we will more responsible for it.

Unfortunately, some people believe that recycling isn't a decision for us and a single person can't change
anything in our world. I understand this skepticism, but the governments can influence this.
They have the mechanisms for involving people in this problem. They should maintain and create 
the voluntary program, emphasize that recycling is important. Several people argued for the implementation
of a heavy fine for people who don't follow the recycling rules. This initiation should be promoted by politicians.

In conclusion, our future depends on only us. We have an opportunity for changing our world and 
make it better. Recycling isn't only one problem in the modern world, but it is the problem which we can solve.
It's easily possible to influence the environment just be an example. 


