1) University
    -- gurantiy of quality 
    -- teacher expirince get much better
    -- rise in comunity, build network , find someone

2) Online
    -- cheaper
    -- more accepted, online, you need just diploma
    -- you choose only want to learn


Conlusion 
-- I choose University option because "official degree", 


The Internet made possible that today we are discussing and arguing about a neccessary of University education.
Nowadays, we can easely get any information in a wide themes which we can imagine. This ability of our time, 
give us a some points for thinking a about ways to study. The 20 years ago, neccesity of a University degrees
wasn't discussed, but now we know a lot of cases when an online courses can save your money and time, but give a distinguished
opportunity to get the same quality of knowledge. In this topic, we shall examine both sides of the argument.

The University education is an important step for a major people in our world. We know that in a different culture and countries
the quality of study can be volitiled but the overcome, people which had the finished degree have more ways to build their career.
First of all, you've been building the community around you while you are beeing a student. You find your a mindthinkg fellows and 
move on an all exams and tests together. On the other side, you have had the participating with each other for grants, for marks and 
for other achivements. You're going through from this and you're social network is growing at the same time.
Secondly, at the University you have the directly way to chat with an expirinced people, get a several advises for your future.
I thought, no onQe online course give you chance to talk with famous and the best teacher after class room. In addition to this, your
tutor can do a favor for you and promote to the first you job. Finnaly, as I mentioned before, after all challanges which you'have been had
you will got the official document of you knowledge, and despite of modern tendecy, the emploers've still required it.

In spite of all benefits of classic University study it'has continue been expensive. We know that prices in top university can be 
riched a thougthends of dollars per year. In this situation, online courses'have retrived benefits for themselves. They cheaper and 
easly доступны to compare with classic study. Above all, you shouldn't find the flat or campuce for live, change you are imidiately
for studing somewhere, just open you laptop and do it. The one of marketing feature of online courses have been become a widly themes for learning.
You don't need to choose one particular subject for studing like as university, you will be able to mix you knowledge in way what you 
want. These abandance of topics for learning blow up the young people who want to save their teenagers freedom.

To conclusion of this topic, need to say that in modern world the point of education will be changed. All of our future depends
on us. We can choose the better points from both sides and mixed the for discovered new ability to thinking and developing ourselves.
Yet online course to my mind've not replaced the university learning, but we shouldn't write of them for self-education. 